Colin O'Beirne

List the source of and describe at least 1 potential data sets (8 total points) - The WHO datasets are more than adequate at showing the discrepancies between countries.
Identify who your customer/s would  be (8 total points) - Companies interested in the countries or those who are looking to show change based on country could use this.
Describe the problem that  the  proposed project solves and justify its need (10 total points) - The data provided is used to show how certain countries have developed when accepting in-development item such as alternate fuel sources and how each country is affected by these factors 
State the product vision and how your web based project would be useful to society (8 points) - This is useful to society as it allows others to monitor what countres will become factors that shape the world and will be able to plan accordingly.
Identify the major features of each of the proposed projects (12 total points) - The major features would be a selector to choose country and metric as well as a direct comparison view that makes differences easily known

Eshetu Wekjira

List the source of and describe at least 1 potential data set  https://www.who.int/data/gho/data/indicators/indicator-details/GHO/gho-phe-primary-reliance-on-clean-fuels-and-technologies-proportion  WHO(World health organizations ) provided an open dataset that related clean fuels and technologies for cooking.
Identify who your customer/s would be – companies or individuals are interested in the countries that need to work on clean fuels to reduce indoor air pollution.
Describe the problem that the proposed project solves and justify its need. There is carbon emission, an environmental issue right today, and limited energy sources in countries; how each country keeps sustainable development and aims to ensure affordable, reliable, modern energies by easily tracking data and visualizing.
State the product vision and how your web-based project would be useful to society- The customer would be anyone who wants to use clean fuel energy for cooking, keep their environment sustainable, and reduce global warming and carbon emissions. Sustain our environment by using clean fuel with technologies is the key benefit of our websites. Our product uses technology, visualizes data, and identifies which countries need more clean energy and which countries use less clean fuel. 
Identify the major features of each of the proposed projects – the major feature is a user chooses a country and metric how they use and compare between different countries and quickly view the differences.

Seth Parsons
https://www.who.int/data/gho/data/major-themes/universal-health-coverage-major. universal-health-coverage-major
Politician and people in general
Find how many people need health coverage and try to reduce it.
A regional comparison map to see the gaps in different areas.
A check box where the customer can put there information in and then get a comparison to other plans.

Irvin Victoria Ibanez
Source: https://www.who.int/data/gho/data/indicators/indicator-details/GHO/gho-phe-primary-reliance-on-clean-fuels-and-technologies-proportion
One potential data set could be the reliance of clean fuels in every country for cooking.
The customer would be countries or companies in the clean energy industry.
The problem that this would solve would be the lack of clean energy being implemented and determining where companies and other countries should look at for ideas and solutions that they can implement in their own countries. 
The product vision would be to offer a data analysis of the reliance of clean fuels of different countries so that other countries can see the impact of different solutions and determine where they should look at. This is needed because we need to stop using fossil fuels as our climate is deteriorating.
A major feature of this project would be for the user to see which countries had the highest increase of clean fuel use from year to year. 

Sydney Melech
World Bank Open Data- With this open source you could create a website that shows you what the expenses are like in other countries. 
It would be helpful for people that are interested in traveling to other countries or even moving to another country. 
The website would generalize and do what-if scenarios to show you how much money you would be spending each day and compare it to how you live now.
WHO (World Health Organization) — Open data repository, diseases that are contagious near you. 
The customers would be anyone who goes out in public and is interested in seeing if there are any diseases or sicknesses in their area that they should know about and be cautious of. 
If you have a family member that is easily susceptible to illnesses this would help because you will know what illnesses are in your area. 
There might be an outbreak of an illness in your area so you should be made aware so a website could help that has a map of your city. 
The map will show certain illnesses in your area but never give names or addresses out. It is just to be used for the safety of yourself and others.

